applications: nrf_desktop: Initial project documentation (#1034)
NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf: applications/nrf_desktop/README.rst

Overview
********

> The code is currently work-in-progress and as such is not fully functional, verified, or

Reviewer: I'd move this sentence to just before  Requirements, and highlight it with a note.

Author: done

supported for product development.

> Welcome to the firmware documentation for nRF52 Desktop, a reference design of

Reviewer: No need to welcome, I'd just state what nRF52 Desktop is.

Author: done

a HID device.

Depending on a configuration this application can function as mouse,
gaming mouse or keyboard connected to host via BLE and/or USB.

> Project supports common input HW interfaces i.e. motion sensors, rotation

Reviewer: "i.e." meaning "that is"? If so, this is a finished list, so let's transform it into a bullet point list.

Author: it should actually be e.g. or better "like"

sensors and buttons scanning module.
Firmware can be configured at run-time using dedicated configuration channel
realized with HID feature report. The same channel is used to pass DFU packets.

Requirements
************

> The project contains configuration files for following boards:

Reviewer: Requirements and supported boards focus on two different things: not all boards mentioned in the list are required to use the firmware. Can we rephrase `Requirements` to `Supported boards`?

Author: I don't mind. I though that this is the Zephyr's convention. Samples and assert tracker mention boards in requirements.

Reviewer: @b-gent , can you confirm this is a Zephyr convention?

> The project contains configuration files for following boards:

Reviewer: Also, how do I know which file is for which board? Where can I find these files?

Author: I plan to give more detail in configuration guide and would prefer to limit the number of information given in this section to supported boards.

Overview
********

nRF52 Desktop is a reference design of a HID device.

Depending on a configuration this application can function as mouse,
gaming mouse or keyboard connected to host via BLE and/or USB.

Project supports common input HW interfaces like motion sensors, rotation
sensors and buttons scanning module.
Firmware can be configured at run-time using dedicated configuration channel
realized with HID feature report. The same channel is used to pass DFU packets.

.. note::
    The code is currently work-in-progress and as such is not fully functional,
    verified, or supported for product development.

Requirements
************

The project contains configuration files for following boards:

    * PCA10056 (nRF52840 DK) - a sample where the mouse is emulated using DK buttons
    * PCA20041 - nRF Desktop gaming mouse reference design
    * PCA20037 - nRF Desktop keyboard reference design
    * PCA20044 - nRF Desktop casual mouse reference design (nRF52832)
    * PCA20045 - nRF Desktop casual mouse reference design (nRF52810)
    * PCA10059 - nRF Desktop dongle reference design

> The application was designed to allow easy porting to a new HW. Please check

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application was designed to allow easy porting to a new HW.
```

> :ref:`porting_guide` to get information about the device porting steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check :ref:`porting_guide` for information about the device porting steps.
```

Dependencies
************

This application uses the following |NCS| libraries and drivers:

    * :ref:`event_manager`
    * :ref:`profiler`
    * :ref:`hids_readme`
    * :ref:`hids_c_readme`
    * :ref:`nrf_bt_scan_readme`
    * :ref:`gatt_dm_readme`
    * ``drivers/sensor/paw3212``
    * ``drivers/sensor/pmw3360``

Building and Running
********************

.. |sample path| replace:: :file:`applications/nrf_desktop`

The nRF Desktop application is build in the same way to any other NCS
application or sample.
.. include:: /includes/build_and_run.txt

> Configuration options set depends on selected build type. Project supports

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration option set depends on the selected build type.
```

> following types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project supports the following types:
```

    * ZRelease - release version of the application with no debugging features
    * ZDebug - the same functionality as ZRelease but with debug options enabled
    * ZDebugWithShell - the same set as ZDebug plus shell is enabled
    * ZReleaseMCUBoot - the same set as ZRelease but support of MCUBoot is enabled
    * ZDebugMCUBoot - the same set as ZDebug but support of MCUBoot is enabled

> Build type is specified using the cmake variable CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE:

Reviewer: Looks like a codeblock is missing? If not, use period at the end.

Application configuration
*************************

For detailed information about the application configuration and how to port

> it to a different HW platform please refer to the :ref:`porting_guide`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it to a different hardware platform, see :ref:`porting_guide`.
```

Firmware architecture
*********************

> The nRF Desktop application design aimed at configurability and extensibility

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nRF Desktop application design aims at configurability and extensibility
```

> while allowing it to be responsive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
while being responsive.
```

> The application architecture is modular and event driven. Modularity means that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application architecture is modular and event-driven.
```

> parts of application functionality were separated into isolated modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that parts of application functionality were separated into isolated modules
```

> Modules communicate with each other using application events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that communicate with each other using application events.
```

* PCA20045 - nRF Desktop casual mouse reference design (nrf52810)
* PCA10059 - nRF Desktop dongle reference design

The application was designed to allow easy porting to a new HW. Please check

> DUPA to get information about the device porting steps.

Reviewer 2: Add ref to porting guide

Dependencies
************

This application uses the following |NCS| libraries and drivers:

>     * :ref:`event_manager`

Reviewer 2: mention profiler as debugging option ?

Author: ok

    * :ref:`hids_readme`
    * :ref:`hids_c_readme`
    * :ref:`nrf_bt_scan_readme`
    * :ref:`gatt_dm_readme`
    * ``drivers/sensor/paw3212``
    * ``drivers/sensor/pmw3360``

Building and Running
********************

.. |sample path| replace:: :file:`applications/nrf_desktop`

The nRF Desktop application is build in the same way to any other NCS
application or sample.
.. include:: /includes/build_and_run.txt

> There can be several configuration files dedicated for each board. They

Reviewer: Would this sentence and the following one sound more appropriate in the section about supported boards?

Author: The context is different - we need to tell which of various possible variants is chosen for building. When board is added it should contain at least one configuration  (for one of the build variants).

Author: I will rephrase it so maybe meaning will be easier to understand.

> differ by set of selected debugging features. The application support

Reviewer 2: `debugging features` -> `features`

Author: ok
